# Overview:

Cashtray is a single page application which allows ex-smokers to track their time and allocate new uses for money saved by quitting. 

By creating a standardized way for teachers to create their lists, items on lists can be added together to produce the total amount of an item needed. For example, if one teacher wants students to have 2 packs of mechanical pencils, and another teacher wants students to have 1 pack of pre-sharpened pencils, parents and students can see in one line that they need to buy 3 packs of pencils, with detials to show the specific breakdown. 



# MVP Features

The user can register with an email and a password
The user can login with registered username and password
The user can CREATE a profile of the smoking habits they have come to stop
The user can CREATE a Quit_date, which creates their start date
The number of days the user has gone without smoking shows how money the user has saved by not smoking
The user can create many rewards, ways in which they can spend the money saved by quitting their habit
When user selects reward, the total is deducted from their available $ amount
User can delete reward 
The user can DELETE  their QuitEvent which deletes all logic being generated by timer
Users can encourage other users in user-list comment board

# Bonus Features

The number of days the user has gone without smoking creates progress rings for a number of health-improvement benchmarks
The number of days the user has gone without smoking shows how many minutes they have saved not smoking/how many cigarettes they have not smoked with a special case for the extra time it takes to smoke an American Spirit brand cigarette


# Technologies:

CashTray is created through React.js. It is styled with Boostrap React and the database is a json file. 

# Demoing:

Local Demo:
1) git clone repository URL in your terminal
2) go to the supply-us-API directory. Within that directory, run the json server by typing in the command "json-server -p 8088 -w database.json". This starts the json server. 
3) Go to the root directory and type in "npm install"
4) Then from the root directory, type the command "npm run". From there it starts the App. 

